(22:12) #TipsandTrik #MarkDown

https://pandoc.org/MANUAL.html#citations
Markdown variants 
--- 
(22:13) #TipsandTrik #Markdown
Markdown variants
In addition to pandoc’s extended Markdown, the following Markdown variants are supported:

markdown_phpextra (PHP Markdown Extra)
markdown_github (deprecated GitHub-Flavored Markdown)
markdown_mmd (MultiMarkdown)
markdown_strict (Markdown.pl)
commonmark (CommonMark)
gfm (Github-Flavored Markdown)
commonmark_x (CommonMark with many pandoc extensions)
To see which extensions are supported for a given format, and which are enabled by default, you can use the command 
--- 
(22:14) #TipsandTrik #LaTex

https://ctan.org
The Comprehensive TEX Archive Network
The Comprehensive TEX Archive Network (CTAN) is the central place for all kinds of material around TEX. CTAN has currently 6101 packages. 2810 contributors have contributed to it. Most of the packages are free and can be downloaded and used immediately. 
--- 
(22:16) #TipsandTrik #Markdown #Github
https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/#GitHub-flavored-markdown 
GitHub Flavored Markdown
GitHub.com uses its own version of the Markdown syntax that provides an additional set of useful features, many of which make it easier to work with content on GitHub.com.

Note that some features of GitHub Flavored Markdown are only available in the descriptions and comments of Issues and Pull Requests. These include @mentions as well as references to SHA-1 hashes, Issues, and Pull Requests. Task Lists are also available in Gist comments and in Gist Markdown files. 
--- 